yep it's that time again now most likely
by the time you see this video I will
have already left for metrocon so while
I am away being exposed to for East
cosplayers and ripoffs in the dealer
room I have left you this video to keep
you entertained one brand new episode of
tjt began as you can probably guess by
the title we are finally reviewing
Megaman what did you think it was a
coincidence that I just reviewed the
kotobukiya role kit no I have carefully
laid this plan it is megaman week of the
whole tube videos I will be releasing
this week it is megaman week so the link
as always to view the episode is below
it is going to send you to the that guy
with the glasses blog section uh if you
are signed up to that site and you can
leave a comment there please do because
it's impressive when comments appear
there more so than when they appear here
but if you want to leave them here
that's okay too you know as always I
have to get this out of the way though I
think most people are aware by now it is
not up to my PG standards okay TJ TB is
pg-13 I curse I make inappropriate jokes
there's innuendo there is sorts of
profanity and depravity but that's kind
of why I like doing those videos it's
kind of me being unleashed so with my
normal standards out of the way so
younger kids I'll avoid it parents
watching this video don't let your kids
watch it and like I kind of like being
responsible that way but for those who
are plenty ready for that please watch
please let me know hope you enjoy and
hopefully I will see you when I get back
from metric on because my senses tell me
that as soon as I get back on sunday I'm
going to have something to show off and
I want everyone ready for that because
I'll be dead exhausted when I get it
it's going to be the last my energy just
to throw up a video for it so until then
have fun